Dem diagonal wall impact example (#881)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/examples/dem/oblique-wall-impact/oblique-wall-impact.rst

    set poisson ratio wall           = 0.25
    set restitution coefficient wall = 1.0
    set friction coefficient wall    = 0.092
  end

Model parameters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We use a non-linear wall contact force model based on Hertz law. Rolling resistance is disabled since the particles considered in the experiments are perfectly spherical.

.. code-block:: text

  subsection model parameters
    set particle particle contact force method = hertz_mindlin_limit_overlap
    set particle wall contact force method     = nonlinear
    set integration method                     = velocity_verlet
    set rolling resistance torque method       = no_resistance
  end

-------------------------------
Generating the parameter files
-------------------------------
Using the following command:

.. code-block:: 

  python3 oblique_wall_collision_case_generator.py

Generates 34 file with the prefix ``run_oblique_collision`` and the ``{angle}.prm`` as a suffix. 

----------------------
Running the Simulation
----------------------
Once all files are created, the simulation can be launched in parallel using the following command:

.. code-block:: text

>   for i in $(ls run_oblique_collision*) ; do dem $i&; sleep2; done

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for i in $(ls run_oblique_impact*); do dem $i & sleep 2; done
```
